Add EigenLayer technical information (#11)
inference-labs-inc/zk-vin-whitepaper: inference-network-whitepaper.tex

    \label{fig:Fig 2}
\end{figure}

> These pools consist of registered nodes that are assigned to process specific models' inference workloads. After registration, a model node becomes part of the available workforce. A node may service multiple models, and it is incumbent upon the node operator to ensure the successful completion of assigned tasks. Nodes pledge a certain amount of computational power, measured in FUCUs (Functional Units of CompUte), to the network. With the computational requirements of workloads being predetermined, the network allocates tasks accordingly and does not exceed a node's capacity. A node is expected to fulfill its commitments within the epoch it is registered. Any failure to perform, or indication of unavailability, may result in slashing of staked collateral via EigenLayer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These pools consist of registered nodes that are assigned to process specific models' inference workloads. After registration, a model node becomes part of the available workforce. A node may service multiple models, and it is incumbent upon the node operator to ensure the successful completion of assigned tasks. Nodes pledge a certain amount of computational power, measured in FUCUs (Foundational Universal Compute Units), to the network. With the computational requirements of workloads being predetermined, the network allocates tasks accordingly and does not exceed a node's capacity. A node is expected to fulfill its commitments within the epoch it is registered. Any failure to perform, or indication of unavailability, may result in slashing of staked collateral via EigenLayer.
```

\node[box] (delegation) at (-2.5,0.3) {DelegationManager};
\node[box] (allocation) at (2.5,0.3) {AllocationManager};
\node[box] (rewards) at (0,-0.7) {RewardsCoordinator};

\node[box, below=1.5cm of eigen] (service) {InferenceServiceManager};

\node[box, below left=1cm and 0.5cm of service] (task) {TaskManager};
\node[box, below=1cm of service] (nodes) {NodesManager};
\node[box, below right=1cm and 0.5cm of service] (registry) {ModelRegistry};

\draw[-triangle 45] (eigen)--(service);
\draw[-triangle 45] (service)--(task);
\draw[-triangle 45] (service)--(nodes);
\draw[-triangle 45] (service)--(registry);
}
}
    \caption{EigenLayer Integration Architecture}
    \label{fig:eigenlayer-arch}
\end{figure}

\subsection{Inference Market}

The ecosystem is anchored by an Inference Market. The protocol has a native queue of AI/ML workloads. A workload can be thought of as an end-to-end AI/ML Inference. Each workload specifies all required details to complete it, such as input data, specific AI model for execution, output data requirements or on-chain execution. Workloads posted to the network are priced according to their computational complexity.

\subsection{Model Registry}

> After circuitizing a model with the Inference Network SDK, its creator registers it on the network. This defines the required input and output data format, computational cost in FUCUs (Functional Units of CompUte), and the verification strategy (on-chain via verifier contract or off-chain via aggregator). The registry also stores the verifier contract address for on-chain verification and enforces registration fees to prevent spam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After circuitizing a model with the Inference Network SDK, its creator registers it on the network. This defines the required input and output data format, computational cost in FUCUs, and the verification strategy (on-chain via verifier contract or off-chain via aggregator). The registry also stores the verifier contract address for on-chain verification and enforces registration fees to prevent spam.
```

Reviewer: rm double definition

Author: ty! Moved into inference-labs-inc/inference-network-whitepaper#13
